<b>Mike Sullivan was born outside of Buffalo, NY and from an early age showed a penchant for drawing and painting.</b>

When he was in 5th grade his family moved to Syracuse, NY where he began taking weekly art classes at the Everson Museum and began his focus on figure drawing.

Three years later his family moved again to Detroit, MI where his high school art teacher introduced him to the latest painting techniques and materials. He then attended The Center for Creative Studies Art College in downtown Detroit where he majored in Illustration and Fine Arts.

After college he moved back east where he began creating graphics for the PC industry for such clients as IBM, Sony, NEC and Ericsson. At this time he continued his painting as his style and technique continued to grow.

He then moved to Manhattan in NYC and began working in the video game industry where he created graphics and animations for Nintendo/Sega/Sony games including The Simpsons, Home Alone, EA Sports, Star Trek and others.

While living in New York he continued painting and drawing as well as taking classes and workshops at the legendary Art Students League near Central Park. During this time his illustration work appeared in several magazines and publications around the world. 

He later served as an art director at the DMBB ad agency before moving to the west coast. In Southern California he refined his powerful style and began offering his paintings to collectors as well as executing commissions for professional athletes, corporations and others special events. 

His original paintings as well as his limited editions are featured in many venues and private collections around the world. He is The Official Artist of The Best Damn Sports Show Period (Fox Sports Net) where his paintings of Chicago Bear RB Walter Payton and NBA legend Dr. J are featured on the permanent set. His original works have also been displayed on other shows including ABC's SportsZone, Direct TV's Fine Art Showcase and ESPN College GameDay.

Collectors of his work include Karl Malone, Ben Roethlisberger, Leigh Steinberg, John "Spider" Salley, Jake Plummer, Tim Brown, Stephen Jones as well as many other athletes, corporations and art collectors.

His artwork has also raised money for many charities including The Magic Johnson Foundation, The Pat Tillman Foundation, Orangewood Pals, The Jake Plummer Foundation, The Carson Palmer Open and the Angels Rex Hudler's Team Up for Down Syndrome charity.

Mikes' work continues to grow as he focus on the human figure in sports and play, as well as other subjects created in his unique “chiseled” style of painting.

<i>Release Date: January 14, 2008</i>