<b>Jennifer Main has become one of the most prominent artists of Las Vegas.</b>

Jennifer Main began selling her work in galleries at the young age of 17 and has continued as a full-time artist with much success and recognition for the past 8 years showing her work in galleries nationally and has a growing respectable list of collectors worldwide. Main graduated from the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies, Performing, and Visual Arts as well as attended the prestigious School of The Art Institute of Chicago. Main’s work was recently featured on Mtv’s Real World San Diego, Discovery Channel’s American Casino, and the red carpet premiere for Warner Brother’s movie “Racing Stripes” at Brenden Theatres in the famous Palms Casino. She has painted the likeness of Jim Clark, venture entrepreneur and founder of Netscape, Alvy Ray Smith, co-founder of Pixar Animation, legendary Siegfried and Roy, and the great jazz entertainers Ramsey Lewis, Al Jarreau, Clint Holmes, and Dave Koz. Main was also selected to be the featured artist for the award winning Wildflower Arts and Music Festival in Texas and the Jazz and Art Festival at Mt. Charleston Hotel in Las Vegas, NV. Jennifer’s unique style is instantly recognizable for her fearless use of vibrant color and the raw energy that her paintings exude.

Jennifer Mains' favorite subjects to paint are people, especially the face and using the eyes to tell a story as well as a reflection of the soul and spirit. Jennifer says “I am influenced by all artists in some way but get my inspiration from everyday life experiences and what I may be feeling at the moment. I try to remain transparent in my work” and that is what her collectors are so drawn to; they can relate to her paintings. Jennifer Main also stays very active with donating artwork to her favorite charities such as March of Dimes, American Heart Association, Shade Tree, Race to Erase MS, and Project Sunshine. Ambitious and prolific, Jennifer has a true passion for art.

<i>Release Date: January 14, 2008</i>